README.md, before:



## Home 🏚️
Hello Ricers, So to be clear I am not using a WM and goofy stuff, Its me, my laptop and my Gnome desktop. I dont like the normal ubuntu or gnome layout but like the workflow and the simplicity. I love GTK apps because they are simple but I dont really use them because I use things like nitrogen, ranger and some other things. 
I dont like the soft corners or the rounded corners because they are not consistent because some apps have all the corners rounded and some dont. I also dont use any app runner like Rofi or Dmenu or anything. 

I use Pop shell for tiling like everybody and you should too. I am not using the POP shell from Pop!_OS but [Sharp Shell](https://github.com/Deottive/Sharp-Shell) which is customized by me which have no rounded corners also I dont have the active window borders dark but they are thin. 

## What I am using ❓

1. **DE** : [Gnome](https://github.com/GNOME) Simplicity 👣
2. **File manager** : [Ranger](https://github.com/ranger/ranger) I also have a devicon patch for icons 🗃️
3. **Terminal** : [Alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty) Fastest terminal 🍉 and Kitty
4. **Panel** : [Dash to Panel](https://github.com/home-sweet-gnome/dash-to-panel) Customizability 🫀
5. **Fonts** : [Nerd Fonts ](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts) For Icons ✍️ 


## Rices 🍙

### Gruvbox-Hard-Dark 📺
![Gruvbox-Rice](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/151900189-6d472e25-7573-4591-ac07-1aba1b032390.png)

### Pink-Nord 🏔️
![Nord-Pink](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/151900286-1f650595-618f-44e5-9ae3-0c612b0ede20.png)

### Ayu-Dark 💺
![Ayu-Dark](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/151900301-d684a08b-2e2d-430e-9741-61865aa9a822.png)

### Horizon 💜
![Horizon-Rice](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/152079557-71fdec1e-d07a-4bd7-bb86-d87e4e8ad3d4.png)

### Dracula ⚰️
![Dracula](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/152079653-9b748b9a-1d88-4658-8522-c80ff9549380.png)



## TODO ✅
1. I want to add more themes like Solarized but config for alacritty is missing 
2. Link the internal folders 
3. Try WM someday, I have tried them but some stuff just does not work and then I give up
4. Bash or Some Script to change everything from one command, I am learning programming so I have to learn that too

Commit message:

Instructions to add workspaces on top bar

README.md, after:



## Home 🏚️
Hello Ricers, So to be clear I am not using a WM and goofy stuff, Its me, my laptop and my Gnome desktop. I dont like the normal ubuntu or gnome layout but like the workflow and the simplicity. I love GTK apps because they are simple but I dont really use them because I use things like nitrogen, ranger and some other things. 

This is a place for people who are currently using Gnome 3.-- something these are themes which work better on lower version then Gnome 40 because it has some rounded corners which I dont really like so I have also tweaked the Pop shell extension borders to match the No corners 

I dont like the soft corners or the rounded corners because they are not consistent because some apps have all the corners rounded and some dont. I also dont use any app runner like Rofi or Dmenu or anything. 

I use Pop shell for tiling like everybody and you should too. I am not using the POP shell from Pop!_OS but [Sharp Shell](https://github.com/Deottive/Sharp-Shell) which is customized by me which have no rounded corners also I dont have the active window borders dark but they are thin. 

## What I am using ❓

1. **DE** : [Gnome](https://github.com/GNOME) Simplicity 👣
2. **File manager** : [Ranger](https://github.com/ranger/ranger) I also have a devicon patch for icons 🗃️
3. **Terminal** : [Alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty) Fastest terminal 🍉 and Kitty
4. **Panel** : [Dash to Panel](https://github.com/home-sweet-gnome/dash-to-panel) Customizability 🫀
5. **Fonts** : [Nerd Fonts ](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts) For Icons ✍️ 


## Rices 🍙

### Gruvbox-Hard-Dark 📺
![Gruvbox-Rice](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/151900189-6d472e25-7573-4591-ac07-1aba1b032390.png)

### Pink-Nord 🏔️
![Nord-Pink](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/151900286-1f650595-618f-44e5-9ae3-0c612b0ede20.png)

### Ayu-Dark 💺
![Ayu-Dark](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/151900301-d684a08b-2e2d-430e-9741-61865aa9a822.png)

### Horizon 💜
![Horizon-Rice](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/152079557-71fdec1e-d07a-4bd7-bb86-d87e4e8ad3d4.png)

### Dracula ⚰️
![Dracula](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/152079653-9b748b9a-1d88-4658-8522-c80ff9549380.png)



## How to Get those Workspaces ⚓
The question which I get asked a lot is **How can I get those Workspaces** in this section I will tell you how can you get these workspaces and then play with them like you want. I have tried many types but now have setteled on this layout 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/156094991-b0dd6418-dfdc-474e-b7d5-6a6e53230a2f.png)

### Requirements 
#### Gnome extensions 
1. [Workspace Bar](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/3851/workspaces-bar/) - Lets you see all the workspaces 
2. [Workspace Indicator](https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/21/workspace-indicator/) - Lets you rename them 
#### Fonts 
1. Download any nerd font that you want, I am here using JetBrainsMono Nerd font because this is what lets you set those icons 
#### For Icons 
1. [Nerd Font Cheat Sheet](https://www.nerdfonts.com/cheat-sheet)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71910027/156095504-be42a2a5-fbd4-4ed6-a6b4-920ffa8dfaeb.png)

This is how it looks and then you can rename these, After you have renamed them you can go on and tweak the top bar as you like using Just Perfection extension.
